docs(proxy) add more description text for SNI matcher in Route entity (#1442)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/1.3.x/proxy.md

Incoming requests with a matching hostname set in the TLS connection's SNI
extension would be routed to this Route. As mentioned, SNI routing applies not
only to TLS, but also to other protocols carried over TLS - such as HTTPS and

> gRPCs. If more than one hostnames are specified, then any one of them can match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple SNIs are specified in the Route, any of them can match with the incoming request's SNI.
```

Reviewer: Note sure what we meant with "(OR relationship between the names)."; it sounds a little obscure to me.

> gRPCs. If more than one hostnames are specified, then any one of them can match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple SNIs are specified in the Route, any of them can match with the incoming request's SNI.
```

Reviewer: (Not sure "(OR relationship between the names)." is necessary here)

with the incoming request (OR relationship between the names).

> SNI is determined at TLS handshake time and can not be modified after TLS connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SNI is indicated at TLS handshake time and can not be modified after the TLS connection has been established. This means, for example, that multiple requests reusing the same keepalive connection
will have the same SNI hostname while performing router match, regardless of the `Host` header.
```
